---
title: Documentation
---

Inspirations
============

I found three websites that I am inspired by for my design.

One is <http://adamscreation.com> I like its basic design, it has blocks of
images going across the screen as you scroll down. And then a description of
what the website is about. I would like to have something like this where my
videos are displayed in an eye-catching way.

Another is <http://www.pylon.co.nz> I enjoy how interactive and smooth the
interface is on this one. The top of the homepage starts with a “Contact me”
button followed by an image of the creator, prompting me to scroll down. As I
scroll it goes right into what they do and then a section of recent work where a
grid of thumbnails are ready to be clicked and opened. This is something I would
like to have my videos work like on my site. And also have the about me right
around this area.

The third inspiration is <http://aaronmoody.co.uk> I enjoy the simple layout
using large images and some text under them. Only problem with this one is there
is no main menu at the top. Also each large image is interactive and transitions
and you can skip ahead or go back in the order of the transitioning images. This
may be interesting for my site if I have videos operating in this way.

 

Content Inventory
-----------------

INTRO: Since I was 7 years old, I have been creating movies using myself,
objects, and friends and family as characters. Before that age, I would create
my own miniature film sets using household furniture and spaces in my house
where I would act out scenes from movies. 

        Later on, I began making my own videos and movies using a small picture
camera. I would start and stop recording as a form of editing since I didn’t
have a computer to trim and edit. 

        By age 10, I began to use a desktop Mac to edit my videos. I taught
myself most of the editing process in Final Cut Express. Later on I found
professionals who helped me learn a few specifics about the software. 

        Ever since then, I have been directing, acting, filming, editing and
compositing my videos and movies. Most of them range about 15-25 minutes. I have
made several one-hour+ feature length films.

        The most recent feature film is on my YouTube channel and can also be
found on this website.

        I enjoy working with editing in special fx such as: compositing, green
screen keying, masking, cloning, match-moving, 3D camera tracking and
compositing, color corrections, basic editing, sound syncing.

        I also enjoy coming up with detailed stories/plots on the fly. That is
how I usually make my shorter 15 minute videos. I use my imagination on a
regular basis and that is usually how I generate great ideas for my videos. 

        Check out my Videos page to see more of my original work.

 

**Media:** Some of my videos from my YouTube Channel. Banner-style image
at:<http://adriandatte.com/resources/banner01.jpg>

 

Personal Contact:
-----------------

Email: sunbut1\@yahoo.com
